i'm writing this while in whistler, BC. i went to the ER yesterday because i had one of my infamous "episodes"

you know i used to take it as a complement when people told me "you're one in a million"
as someone who is hugely supportive of the notion that everyone has something that makes them totally and completely 
one of a kind in this world, that was a saying that always landed well with me. 

what didn't land so well was when this notion of rarity began to came up in doctor's appointments. 
it is not fun to be given the word "idiopathic" in relation to your symptoms, nor is it to be told 
that what your experiencing is just part of chronic condition management, and then be given several different titles to what this "chronic condition" might be.

for whatever reason, at the ripe age of 22, i have learned much more than i'd like to about health and the healthcare system. 

on this note, if you've ever met me and thought "man, this girl is something". the one thing i would like for you to know is that yes, i am genuinely just trying to live my life because in and out of these "episodes" i've learned how much of a gift it is to experience emotion and to just exist. it sounds soooooo corny but when my body isn't putting me through absolute hell of an inflammatory period and when i'm not in pain, i actually feel quite grateful. (yes also many of the people in my life are so surprised when they learn about this since i always get the classic "you look fine though" and to that i flip my hair and say "thank you" i do an incredibly good job at masking it. probably a little too good. )

i would not describe myself as innately technically inclined. i have a million thoughts in my brain and one thousand ways 
in which i imagine the world could work given frame i should take to see it. 

but when your constantly feeling like shit and need to schedule your life around the possibility of having to cancel plans
due to waking up just feeling wiped, the idea of something portable becomes quite appealing. 

again, i am in no regard innately technically inclined, but throughout having to navigate whatever the hell my body
is being put through, tech has become one of my favourite distractions. it's simulating, it's exciting. i don't really understand it in whole and so can expect that i will always be learning something. it's muuuuuuuuuuuch better than just watching tv shows about people who get to live their lives free of any concern of feeling unwell.

anyways, i kinda learned a while back that i would probably not fit well into a typical corporate job. you know when your watching a show and you learn stuff about the characters and then watch them go about their lives and even get with people who you just think "it's fun right now but it's never going to work," yeah, that's probably precisely what people thought when they met me in a corporate setting... "man, she's fun right now but it's never going to work." 

so, as i continue to figure all of this crap out, i sit with the following:
i am one passionate individual. i am also one resilient ass mother f*cker. the cards i've been dealt have been kinda shit (no, i'm not talking about the actual life i've been given i love my friends and family). when i can finally get a handle on this mess of a thing that i call my health, it's just logical that i put two and two together "passion + resilience"... it's got to account for something, right? RIGHT!!!!!!

i might never be seen sitting in front of a computer screen in an office again. i also have no idea what the hell my body will do tomorrow, or the day after. i know my appearance can change quite a bit depending on the state of my health (i feel like I've kind of become desensitized to that though). so, what do i make of this and what will i do while i (for the second time), stop my summer plans and return home for more doctor's appointments and more ~tight~ supervision? i don't freaking know yet. i really can't see it. but i will continue to work on my technical skills, continue to read and stay informed on what the hell in going on in this crazy world, i will continue to take all of my crazy ideas and thoughts on how i could make a chronic care management platform for myself, and put them into one place where hopefully, one day, when i feel strong and pain free, can take it and make it .... something .... ! but until then, here is a little bit more of my story. said plainly by me. 


one last note on the above...
BC, you were so fun. although i came with my limitations; a stupid large drawer of supplements, an inability to fully engage in the "culture" due to aforementioned health issues, a head banging annoying uphill hiker, etc. there isn't many words i can think of to describe to way that people come here to just exist. everyone's had a life before. you kind of only figure out someone's age after you've got to learn literally everything else about them and then think to ask "huh, how old are you?". in all, i learned so much about life! you showed me living! i might have had my cursor open and my claude code running for the majority of my time being off work. i probably shared my fascinaton for AI a few too many times for a place where people only get coffee at work if they've brought their reuseable mug (i am hugely supportive of eco!!!).

i wish i didn't have to leave, especially not like this, but hey, you genuinely don't choose what the hell life throws at you. no one wants to feel like crap. i certainly wish i didn't! 






in true Sophia fasion. i manage whatever the hell i have so well that doctors just look at me and say "well you don't look sick". 
